Kotlin to date period (#3828)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/datetime/terms/toDatePeriod/toDatePeriod.md

---
Title: '.toDatePeriod()'
Description: 'Parses the ISO-8601 duration representation as a DatePeriod.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
 - 'Methods'
 - 'Data Structures'
 - 'Time'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
 

> The **`toDatePeriod`** function parses ISO-8601 duration representations and returns a `DatePeriod` object. ISO-8601 duration representation is a string that starts with the letter `P` followed by a sequence of numbers and units. The numbers represent the number of units, and the units can be days, weeks, months, years, hours, minutes, or seconds. For example, the following ISO-8601 duration representations represent one day, one week, one month, and one year, respectively.

Reviewer: You seem to be missing the example referenced in the paragraph.

> The function returns a `DatePeriod` object with two properties:

Reviewer: Move lines 18-20 to after the syntax example.

- *start*: the start date of the duration.
- *endInclusive*: the end date of the duration, inclusive.

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun String.toDatePeriod(): DatePeriod

> ```

Reviewer: Have a sentence after the code block explaining what `String` is.

## Example

The following code creates a `DatePeriod` object representing one day:

```kotlin
val oneDayPeriod = "P1D".toDatePeriod()
```

> The output will be:

Reviewer: How is this the output? if there's only a variable assignment there's no output to the end user. There should be some code in the example to print out some output to the user. Also, if the DatePeriod references the current date, then yo need to say "output like the following" because it will be different every time the code is run.

---
Title: 'toDatePeriod()'
Description: 'Parses the ISO-8601 duration representation as a DatePeriod.'
Subjects:

>   - 'Date and Time'
>   - 'Computer Science'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
```
Again same issue check valid [subjects](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md) before adding them in metadata.

Tags:

>  - 'DatePeriod'
>  - 'DateTimePeriod'
>  - 'ISO-8601'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - 'Methods'
 - 'Data Structures'
 - 'Time'
```
Check valid [tags](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/edit/main/documentation/tags.md) before adding them in meta data.

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
 

> The **`toDatePeriod`** function parses the ISO-8601 duration representation as a `DatePeriod`. 
> The ISO-8601 duration representation is a string that starts with the letter P followed by a sequence of numbers and units. 
> The numbers represent the number of units, and the units can be days, weeks, months, years, hours, minutes, or seconds.
> For example, the following ISO-8601 duration representations represent one day, one week, one month, and one year, respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`toDatePeriod`** function parses the ISO-8601 duration representation as a `DatePeriod`. 
The ISO-8601 duration representation is a string that starts with the letter P followed by a sequence of numbers and units. 
The numbers represent the number of units, and the units can be days, weeks, months, years, hours, minutes, or seconds.
The **`toDatePeriod`** function parses ISO-8601 duration representations and returns a `DatePeriod` object. ISO-8601 duration representation is a string that starts with the letter `P` followed by a sequence of numbers and units. The numbers represent the number of units, and the units can be days, weeks, months, years, hours, minutes, or seconds. For example, the following ISO-8601 duration representations represent one day, one week, one month, and one year, respectively.
```

> The function returns a `DatePeriod` object that represents the parsed duration. 
> The DatePeriod object has two properties: start and endInclusive. The start property is the start date of the duration, and the endInclusive property is the end date of the duration, inclusive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The function returns a `DatePeriod` object with two properties:
- *start*: the start date of the duration.
- *endInclusive*: the end date of the duration, inclusive.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun String.toDatePeriod(): DatePeriod
```

## Example

> The following code creates a DatePeriod object representing one day:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code creates a `DatePeriod` object representing one day:
```
